"the wamali" is sort of a silly working title I gave a project several years ago. the name, properly "Beta Wamali", is a tongue-in-cheek phoneticization of the Burmese phrase, approximately in better phonetics, "bae toa ma lae" or "where are you going" (colloquially used across the region as a phrase more like "what's up" than a serious inquisition).

The project itself is an adaptation of the FGC-9 to be properly parametric, and with a different barrel and bolt system, intended to be made from common commercial fastener components from a hardware store or similar.  Importantly, since different places (and even the same factory at different times) produces the same hardware in different technical dimensions across the less critical features, this is a limiting factor on parts fitment, so I made the wamali adjustable in the complete sense of "could be easily adjusted, from a few points of control, to make the whole design adapt to many possible hardware inputs of construction", swapping between some substantial difference like metric vs imperial parts becomes simply a matter of measuring the size of the new parts, making the handfull of necessary adjustments, and proceeding from there to exporting and printing the relevant new parts for the new design.

About doing this specifically, there's a few parts (and, some need to be updated in their relationships to each other).

Freecad is peculiar from other CAD programs a few ways, and you must be familiar enough with it to navigate these.  Primarily, for new/non users; "task locking" and "workbenches" need note. "Task locking" means that FreeCAD will "lock except for the task you are doing" when you start a task. For reference, almost everything you do that affects the CAD document is "A task"- "creating a sketch", "making a pad from that sketch to create a body", and "moving that resulting body to a different location in the CAD document" are all "tasks" that will *lock the rest of FreeCAD from normal function* while you are in them. normal menu options will appear, but be grayed out, and not respond to clicking, and etc.  This condition is "fixed" by either completing or cancelling the task, which either adds or abstains from adding the changes you came up with in that task (moved items, in a cancelled move, will return to their original positions, etc. sketch behavior, specifically, can be weird.)
